In this module we have introduced the main sources
of funding of any company. Shareholders equity,
bank debt, which appear on the right hand side of a
balance sheet. The left hand side of the balance
sheet shows how these funds have been reduced.
Aquasail has invested in long term assets which
are called fixed assets. And these include the
land, the building, the equipment. Aquasail further has
some cash left in its bank account. This is a short
term or a current asset. A balance sheet hence is a
picture of all sources and uses of a funding of a
company. As you have experienced we can take this
picture at any point in time. But in the remainder
of the simulation we will only make balance sheets
at the end of the year. It would be very boring and
tedious to do these more frequently. But it is
possible. And actually that's one of the recurring
tasks of accountants. Next to the balance sheet we
have developed Aquasail's cashflow statement. In
contrast to the balance sheet, which is a picture,
a cash flow statement is a movie of all cash
receipts and payments over a certain period of
time. Here, we only looked at the first day in the
life of Aquasail. The remainder of the simulation
we will focus on what happens during the quarter.